README.rst, before:

 Django Booking
 ===============

Django Booking is a Complete Django booking system.

Overview
===============

what you get:
   - A booking page which users can book appointments.
   - A dashboard which the admin can see the appointments and make actions

Requirements
============
Django Booking requires Django 3 or later.

Getting It
==========

Python package::

    $ pip install dj-booking

Installing it
=============

To enable `dj-booking` in your project you need to add it to `INSTALLED_APPS` in your projects
`settings.py` file::

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'booking',
        ...
    )

And include dj-booking to your URLs::
    
    from django.urls import path, include


    urlpatterns = (
        ...
        path("booking/", include("booking.urls")),
        ...
    )

Using It
========
    $ python manage.py migrate
    $ python manage.py runserver

then you can visit the pages::

- Booking page: http://localhost:8000/booking
- Admin page: http://localhost:8000/booking/admin

Configuration
=============
Add this vars to settings.py

  .. code-block:: python

    BOOKING_TITLE = "Your title"
    BOOKING_DESC = "Your description"
    BOOKING_BG = "img/booking_bg.jpg"
    BOOKING_SUCCESS_REDIRECT_URL = "success redirect url"

Getting Involved
================
Open Source projects can always use more help. Fixing a problem, documenting a feature, adding
translation in your language. If you have some time to spare and like to help us, here are the places to do so:

- GitHub: https://github.com/foad-heidari/dj-booking

Documentation
=============
You can view the documentation online at:

- https://dj-booking.readthedocs.io
- https://pypi.org/project/dj-booking

Or you can look at the docs/ directory in the repository.

Support
=======

Django Booking is free and always will be. It is developed and maintained by developers in an Open Source manner.
Any support is welcome. You could help by writing documentation, pull-requests, report issues and/or translations.

Commit message:

Add all booking_admin settings functions and some bug fixing

README.rst, after:

 Django Booking
 ===============

Django Booking is a Complete Django booking system.

Overview
===============

what you get:
   - A booking page which users can book appointments.
   - A dashboard which the admin can see the appointments and make actions

Requirements
============
Django Booking requires Django 3 or later.

Getting It
==========

Python package::

    $ pip install dj-booking

Installing it
=============

To enable `dj-booking` in your project you need to add it to `INSTALLED_APPS` in your projects
`settings.py` file::

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'booking',
        ...
    )

And include dj-booking to your URLs::
    
    from django.urls import path, include


    urlpatterns = (
        ...
        path("booking/", include("booking.urls")),
        ...
    )

Using It
========
    $ python manage.py migrate
    $ python manage.py runserver

then you can visit the pages::

- Booking page: http://localhost:8000/booking
- Admin page: http://localhost:8000/booking/admin

Configuration
=============
Add this vars to settings.py

    BOOKING_TITLE = "Your title"
    BOOKING_DESC = "Your description"
    BOOKING_BG = "img/booking_bg.jpg"

    BOOKING_SUCCESS_REDIRECT_URL = "Success redirect url"
    BOOKING_DISABLE_URL = "Redirect to this url if create booking is disable"

Getting Involved
================
Open Source projects can always use more help. Fixing a problem, documenting a feature, adding
translation in your language. If you have some time to spare and like to help us, here are the places to do so:

- GitHub: https://github.com/foad-heidari/dj-booking

Documentation
=============
You can view the documentation online at:

- https://dj-booking.readthedocs.io
- https://pypi.org/project/dj-booking

Or you can look at the docs/ directory in the repository.

Support
=======

Django Booking is free and always will be. It is developed and maintained by developers in an Open Source manner.
Any support is welcome. You could help by writing documentation, pull-requests, report issues and/or translations.
